-[gentle music playing]
-[Young Mob] Take a look, Tsubomi!
When you make frogs float,
they start swimming.
Oh, wow! That's so cute.
[Young Mob]
I can make the bar all squishy too.
[Young Tsubomi gasps] You're amazing, Mob!
[both chuckle]
-Oh.
-Uh.
[Young Mob]
Well, it's getting late. Let's go.
[Young Tsubomi] That was so much fun!
[music concludes]
[gasps] I see. It was a dream.
[sighs]
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
MOB 1 ~MOVING~
[school bell ringing]
-[student 1] Happy New Year!
-[indistinct chatter]
[birds chirping]
-So, did you finish it?
-Yeah. Took me long enough.
And I'm like,
"So, what do you want me to do about it?"
[laughs]
[Mr. Koga] Happy New Year, all.
Today is the start of the third term.
HOPE
FUTURE PROSPECTS
[Mr. Koga] Hold on
to your winter break homework for now.
I'll be collecting it
after the opening assembly.
BASIC MIDDLE SCHOOL ENGLISH DRILLS
Now, time to brush off
that winter-break slump
and begin studying in earnest
for your entrance exams.
Work hard together as a class
while you still can.
[Mob] Right. Our new classes.
Maybe when I'm a third year,
-I'll end up in the same class as Tsubomi.
-[Mr. Koga] Oh, yes.
-There's one more announcement…
-Mm!
…I need to make.
Tsubomi Takane from Class Three
will be moving away next month.
-Huh? She… she's moving away?
-[pensive music playing]
[Mob] Wait, what?
This is so sudden, I can't take it in.
What? I figured I'd tell her how I felt
as soon as entrance exams
were over and done with.
I mean, come on.
I was still supposed to have another year.
This is too soon.
I just-- I haven't made any progress.
At all. Period. [gasps]
-I have to do it. Ask her out.
-[music concludes]
You're looking troubled.
Did you forget your homework?
[Mob] Uh! No.
[Inukawa] Hmm. Oh, that's right.
Mob has feelings for Takane. Uh. But…
-[students murmuring]
-[student 2] I need to ask her out!
I need to ask her out!
[dramatic music playing]
[Inukawa] She's, like,
the most popular girl in school.
How are you gonna surpass all these rivals
and come out on top, Mob?
[grunts softly]
BODY IMPROVEMENT CLUB
-You're… asking her out?
-[club members gasp]
-That's the plan.
-You feelin' well, Kageyama?
-[brooding music playing]
-Anyway… [gulps]
…based on all your experiences,
how should I go about this?
-I need some advice!
-Advice?
[club members mumbling]
Kageyama! You're the shadow leader
of Salt Middle School!
Now, grow a pair! Show her
what White T-Poison's made of!
-Huh?
-[Onigawara] Just, you know…
just show her
what White T-Poison's, uh, made of, or…
[club members groan]
-Kageyama. Take your shirt off.
-Huh?
-[music builds]
-[grunts]
[grunts, groans, hisses]
Ow.
[Musashi] Say, you're developing
-some excellent muscles!
-[gasps]
[Musashi] Rely on those,
and you won't need advice from anybody!
-Your hard work's paying off!
-Mm, mm!
I'm sure she'll accept your feelings
and reply sweetly,
-"Nice muscles you got there!"
-[upbeat music playing]
Mm! I see! Thanks a lot!
Only through training will we be able
to reach ever greater heights!
-[club members] Yeah!
-[screams]
[club members scream, grunt]
Let's go!
[club members] Fight on! Fight on!
Fight on! Fight on!
[gasps]
[music concludes]
Uh, hey. Got any advice on asking her out?
I could use some.
Anything?
[snickers] You really think anybody here's
in a position
to give you advice like that?
-[Inukawa and Saruta] Mm-hmm.
-[Tome] Hmm!
-Oh, good point.
-Hey!
[sighs] Sure is a bummer
that Takane's moving away though.
Had a crush on her for a while.
Maybe I'll ask her out too.
-[gasps]
-Huh?
-Takenaka.
-[pensive music playing]
Are you planning
on reading Tsubomi's mind?
Nah, I won't be taking my earplugs out.
Wouldn't work for very long anyway.
But reading girls' thoughts
could make you super popular.
At least that's what Tome says.
[chuckles] How would President Kurata
know anything about a girl's feelings?
Okay, that's quite enough
out of both of you!
Really took my stunned silence
as an opportunity
to run your mouths off, huh?
You're asking her out? You're seriously,
honestly, doing it for real, are you?
-Yes.
-Uh-huh. Very well then.
I'm gonna give you the advice
you need to hear right now.
You should do something
about that hair of yours!
-There's more…
-[dramatic music playing]
…but I think I'd better leave it at that.
Sorry, Mob, I'm afraid the three of us
can't offer much in the way of advice,
but we'll be happy
to support you from afar!
-I wish you the best.
-You got this, Kageyama!
-[music concludes]
-[student 3] Uh. Um. Tsubomi?
Uh. I wanted to talk to you
about something, okay?
I wuv you. I wuv you, Tsubomi!
Pwease go out wif me!
-[Tsubomi] Sorry, no.
-[student 3 gasps] Uh. Why not?
Oh, is it important
that I give you a reason?
-Uh, uh…
-[Tsubomi] It's just…
-I have no interest in you.
-'Kay! Got it, thank you!
-[sobs heavily]
-[gloomy music playing]
-[students mumble, whimper]
-[Tsubomi] Jeez. Still that many left?
I don't even know most of them. [groans]
-This is such a pain.
-[gasps] Huh?
-[grunts, shrieks]
-Hey, Mob, what are you up to?
Yeah, I should probably tell you
that Takane's not in there.
Oh! Did she go home then?
I see. So much for that.
Well, guess there's nothing to do
but give up for today.
Darn! That's the way it goes.
I'll try again some other time.
SLIDE
-She's behind the school.
-She is? But what's she doing there?
While you've been busy
pacing back and forth up here,
all the other boys have been
taking their shot asking her out.
[Mob] Say what now?
-I better get over there.
-Only if you want a sure rejection!
TUP TUP TUP TUP TUP
[Mezato] It's like some weird
assembly line down there…
[students whimper, sob]
…churning out scores
of broken-hearted lads.
Go now, and you'll end up
getting lost in the shuffle.
-[music cuts off]
-[camera shutter clicks]
[Mob] Mezato. Tell me.
Would it be a good idea to cut my hair?
[Mezato] Huh? Why do you ask?
I'm just wondering.
What qualities do girls like in a guy?
[Mezato] He's thinking
beyond "working out"?
First off, you need to be a gentleman.
Always mind your manners
in the presence of your girl classmates.
-Oh.
-And being considerate is a big one too.
Be dependable, listen to her problems,
and show her she can talk to you
about anything.
If you can be that sincerely accepting
of another person,
I honestly believe
you might be able to handle Takane.
I might be able to handle her?
Yeah. Most guys only seem
to be interested in her
because of her looks,
so, I think she keeps her feelings
close to the chest.
[pensive music playing]
[Mezato] It'll be up to you to handle
her true self, whoever that is.
Though if I'm being honest about it,
I don't get
what the big fuss is over Takane.
-[Mob] Huh?
-I mean, it doesn't seem like
she has anyone she trusts or confides in.
I don't think she's interested
in others at all.
How would you know a thing like that?
[Mezato] It's pretty obvious
from watching her every day.
The question is, how do you not see it?
Word of advice,
you might want to try looking at people
from a different angle
every once in a while.
Tell me, Mob.
-What is it you like about her?
-[music concludes]
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[Reigen] Huh.
So, you couldn't answer the question,
-you couldn't go behind the school…
-[whimsical music playing]
…and now, you can't concentrate
on your work?
[groans] C'mon, get with it, Mob.
This puppy love stuff has no place here.
It's only natural for middle-schoolers
to fall in love based on looks.
I know you probably want to think
you're above that kind of thing,
but when you get right down to it,
men are simple creatures.
[chuckling] Aren't we, Serizawa?
Well, I didn't go to school
when I was younger,
so, I really have no frame of reference.
Still, there must have been
a girl you liked back then.
-No, sir. Not that I can recall.
-Not a one? Uh, uh, uh.
Come, Serizawa, there's no need to be shy
about this at your age.
Wait! Are you being serious right now?
To tell the truth, I'm jealous
that you have someone you like.
If the feelings you have for her
remain unchanged
regardless of what anybody says,
don't you think
that must mean they're real?
-Oh.
-[Serizawa] If that's the case,
I don't think it matters or not
-whether you can put them into words.
-[gasps]
Exactly! Serizawa's managed to express
my own point of view perfectly!
The most important thing
in a situation like this
isn't the question of why
your feelings exist,
but whether or not they're true!
Go ahead
and get everything off your chest.
The two of us are willing to hear you out.
[grunts softly]
Go on.
Well, when I think about it,
the reason
Tsubomi first captured my attention…
[gentle music playing]
-Hey, Mob! Let's make a tunnel! Okay?
-Sure.
-[giggles]
-[chuckles]
[pants]
[Young Mob] Look! I'm only showing you
these things, Tsubomi!
-Ah, I'm getting bored.
-[gasps]
[Mob] I'm not sure what it was.
But I like her,
and I've always liked her, from the start.
Well, then you don't have anything
to worry about.
Give it all you've got.
Okay. But I still don't know
how to actually go about it.
-What do you think I should do?
-Ah, yes. About that. Ahem.
Number one,
you'll want to be fresh and clean.
Two, show sincerity.
Three, show off your listening skills
and your fashion sense.
What else? Let me see…
Oh, yeah, make sure to smile,
no one likes a sad sack.
Also… yes, of course!
-Setting an exciting mood…
-Hmm?
-…is the most important part.
-Uh.
-[Reigen] And, uh…
-[Serizawa grunts] He's cheating?
THE MANUAL TO ASKING SOMEONE OUT
[Reigen] And that's it!
[Serizawa] Guess Reigen's
at a loss here too.
But you know, in the end,
this isn't about strategy.
There's no point deceiving her
if your goal is a long-term relationship.
You should reveal yourself.
Be honest with her.
I'm sure the last thing Tsubomi wants
is to hear someone else's words
coming out of your mouth.
Just speak from your heart
and ask the girl out!
[Mob] Thank you so much.
Yes, you're right. That's what I'll do.
[music concludes]
I gotta say, Reigen,
I wasn't expecting that advice from you.
[slurps, sighs]
Yeah, if it were me in his shoes,
I'm sure I'd probably try
to pull a fast one somehow.
I mean, if any girl saw me
for who I really am,
I'd be rejected straight off the bat,
I have no doubt.
[Serizawa] I guess even Reigen is insecure
when it comes to stuff like this.
He seems popular with the older ladies
-among our clients though.
-[gulps, exhales]
[cup clatters]
-[Reigen] But Mob…
-Uh.
…he's different. That kid should follow
the straight and narrow.
There's no reason for him
to lie to anyone.
[traffic rumbling]
[Reigen] I believe in you, Mob.
-[traffic rumbling]
-[horns honking]
[sighs]
[Teru] Hey there, friend!
-What's with the sighing?
-[gasps]
[Teru] You in some kind of trouble again?
-[Mob] Hanazawa.
-[chuckles]
-Ah! So, your childhood friend's moving.
-Uh-huh.
We haven't been talking that much
for the past few years,
and now this all of a sudden.
So, basically, you want to ask her out
while you still can.
Yeah. But I've never done it before,
so, it's been pretty stressful.
It's really not something
you have to worry that much about.
You only feel that way
because you're popular.
I'm nothing like you, Hanazawa.
Hold on, what was that again?
Maybe my memory's fuzzy,
but I seem to remember
you saying we were the same.
Come on. Relax those shoulders.
Put a smile on your face.
And stand up tall!
You've got nothing to be ashamed of
so have some confidence!
-Now, have you given any thought…
-[light-hearted music playing]
…to picking her up a little something?
[Mob] It hadn't even occurred to me.
You're saying I should get her
some kind of present?
[Teru] In my case,
I'm usually on the receiving end,
but whenever girls bring me
letters or homemade cookies,
it does feel pretty good.
I'd say it's worth thinking about.
Homemade, huh?
[Mob] That won't work.
I can only make rice balls.
Listen, whatever you do, don't sweat it.
It was just a thought,
you don't have to get her
anything necessarily.
Hey. You know what might be good?
How about you show up
with a nice bouquet of flowers?
Cliché, but it couldn't hurt.
A bouquet of flowers.
And I'll even choose
the perfect outfit for you.
Oh! I, uh…
I can't afford to spend any money
on new clothes right now. Thanks though.
[music concludes]
[distant dog barking]
Hey, bro.
I was hoping to talk to you about Takane.
Oh, so, you heard the big news, Ritsu?
I see. So, you're gonna be the next one
in line to ask her out, huh?
The time has arrived at long last.
[Mob] Honestly, I get so nervous
-just thinking about it.
-[grunts]
How's she going to answer me?
[Ritsu grunts] Unfortunately,
I'm pretty sure I remember
Takane saying she already likes someone.
The person I like is actually
someone I met at cram school.
From what you've been telling me just now,
the other person is obviously
interested in you as well.
If you ask them out,
there's a high probability
they'll say yes.
-[Ritsu] It's over!
-[somber music playing]
[Ritsu] Poor Shige. My only hope
is that she lets him down easy.
[Mob] Ritsu. I get the impression
he's even more worried
about this than I am.
I'm not sure why,
but somehow that calms me down.
Thank you, Ritsu.
I'm gonna give it my all.
-Shige, keep your chin up, no matter what.
-[Mob] Hmm?
[music concludes]
EVERY MORNING MILK
[gulps, exhales, breathes deeply]
[gasps, grunts]
PHONE NUMBERS
EMERGENCY
TAKANE
Mm.
[cell phone beeps]
[grunts]
Hmm!
-[cell phone beeps]
-[dial tone ringing]
[gasps] Hi! Hello there!
Um. This is Shigeo, ma'am.
It's been a while.
May I speak with Tsubomi?
I appreciate it. Yes, thank you.
Uh. [grunts]
Oh! Yes, good evening, Tsubomi!
Sorry to take you by surprise.
Your house phone's the only number
I have for you. So, uh, I heard something.
Well, um, can I ask, are you moving away?
Oh, it was true then.
Of course, I understand.
So, anyway, mm, there's something
I'd really like to talk to you about.
[gasps] I'd rather tell you in person.
I was wondering if you might have any time
after school tomorrow. Hmm. Uh!
School might not be the best place,
a… and we live so close.
What do you think
about meeting up at the park?
That's right.
The one where we always used to play.
Huh? How am I acting weird?
My voice? No way! It's not shaky at all!
-Yeah. Must be your imagination.
-[grunts]
[Mob] Yeah, uh-huh.
Yeah, okay. Sounds good.
[bell chiming]
[light-hearted music playing]
Huh? You made plans with her?
Hey, good for you!
And not behind the school either.
You picked out a spot that means something
to the two of you.
-Hmm! [grunts]
-Didn't know ya had it in ya!
If you and Takane get together,
you gotta promise you'll introduce me
to one of her girlfriends!
-Hmm.
-Oh, yeah!
[Mr. Koga] Right. So, then,
as you can see, this is the point
where lines A and B intersect.
This will be on the test.
-If anyone has any questions…
-[Mob] It's funny.
I'm about to have a really important talk
with Tsubomi, and yet, I'm not nervous.
Looking back, I'm not even sure
why I felt like I had to ask
everyone around me for advice
on how to ask her out.
Lately, I've started noticing,
I don't hold back my feelings as much.
[gasps] Hmm.
SEASONING REALTY
SMILEY FLOWERS
[Mob] Good afternoon!
One assorted bouquet, please.
[shop owner] Sure.
Let me show you what we have.
-Well, what do you think? Does this work?
-Uh, yes!
I guess 1,000 yen doesn't go very far.
Still, it's not about the size.
-[shop owner] Thanks for coming in!
-Uh, is that…?
-[Minegishi] Shigeo Kageyama.
-Uh.
[gasps] Oh, hey, it's you.
-How about we make a little trade?
-[Mob] Huh?
-Are you sure? But-- Uh.
-Come on, let's go.
O-kay.
-Everyone, thank you.
-[music concludes]
[traffic rumbling]
[munches]
[gasps]
[horn honking]
-[Mob grunts]
-[tires screech]
-[cat meows]
-[Mob gasps]
[sighs]
[crosswalk tune playing]
-[car engine revs]
-[gasps]
[tires screeching]
[car crashing]
[crosswalk tune continues]
[breathes shakily]
[whimpers]
[engine rumbles]
[crosswalk tune continues, echoes]
["Cobalt" playing]
[song concludes]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Teru] Kageyama, listen to me.
I know you're doing everything you can
to accept your powers.
You've worked so hard, and that's why
you shouldn't go any further.
Turn back now.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Ten, "Mob Two, Rival."